Docs edits (#706)
omry/omegaconf: docs/source/structured_config.rst

    ...     height: Height = Height.SHORT
    ...     description: str = "text"

> You can create a config based on the ``SimpleTypes`` class itself, or based on instances of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a config based on the SimpleTypes class itself or an instance of it.
```

Dictionaries
^^^^^^^^^^^^
Dictionaries are supported via annotation of structured config fields with ``typing.Dict``.

> Keys must be strings, ints or enums, and values can

Reviewer: Didn't you add additional key types? :)
```
In [9]: OmegaConf.create({1: "1", True: "2", 3.14: "3"})
Out[9]: {1: '2', 3.14: '3'}
```

Author: Good point!

be any of the types supported by OmegaConf (``Any``, ``int``, ``float``, ``bool``, ``str`` and ``Enum`` as well
as arbitrary Structured configs)

.. doctest::

    >>> from typing import Dict
    >>> @dataclass
    ... class DictExample:
    ...     # Typed dict keys are strings; values can be typed as Any, int, float, bool, str and Enums or
    ...     # arbitrary Structured configs
    ...     ints: Dict[str, int] = field(default_factory=lambda: {"a": 10, "b": 20, "c": 30})
    ...     bools: Dict[str, bool] = field(default_factory=lambda: {"Uno": True, "Zoro": False})
    ...     users: Dict[str, User] = field(default_factory=lambda: {"omry": User(name="omry")})

Like with Lists, the types of values contained in Dicts are verified at runtime.

.. doctest::

    >>> conf: DictExample = OmegaConf.structured(DictExample)

    >>> # Okay, 10 is an int
    >>> conf.ints["d"] = 10
    >>> # Okay, "20" can be converted to an int

>     >>> conf.ints["e"] = "20"

Reviewer: We are thinking about deprecating the automatic conversion on assignment because it triggers a typing error (#459).
Don't document the automatic conversion, just the straight forward valid assignment and the hard error.

Author: Done in https://github.com/omry/omegaconf/pull/706/commits/a23fbac1f0674aaf6b0c1811e642b8175902b847.
